# Class 09 Reading Notes
* The best known form on the web is probably the google search box. There are several types of form controls that can be used to collect information from visitors on your site. Adding text, making choices, submitting forms. A form allows the user to control the value of a variable. Input type and text are controlled in the html. Text area Is used to create multi line input. Radio button allows a user to choose from given answers. Checkbox allows a user to select and unselect one or more options in answer to a question. Drop down list box is a thing, multiple select box is a thing, file input box is a thing. The submit button sends the form to the server. An image can be used for the button. Both text and images can be used in a button. Hidden type on a button will show the web page authors to add values to forms that users cannot see. For example, a web page author might use a hidden fiels to indicate which page the user was on when they submitted a form. 
* Css can be used to style lists, tables, and forms. Images can be used for bullets. Pretty much anything in a form can be styled. Cursor type can be changed also. 
* An event can be used to tell your browser to do things. Your browser says “hey, this just happened”. Then your script can respond to the event. Ui events occur when a user interacts with the browsers user interface rather than the web page. Focus events occur when an element gains or loses focus. The steps for event handling are first, select the element node(s) you want the script to respond to. Then indicate which event on the selected node(s) will trigger the response. Then, state the code you want to run when the event occurs.
<----- [Back](../README.md)