# Class 01 Reading Notes
* Html was designed to copy newspapers in their format. Html uses elements to designate certain blocks of content. Elements are designated by tags, and the tags go before the content and after it. Attributes tell you something about the contents of an element. Inspecting a website will allow you to see how it is designed and built. 
* Doctype denotes which version of html is being used. Comments are written using ‘<!-- -->’. Id attributes identifies a particular element. Class attributes allow selection of multiple elements. Block elements take as much room as they can, and inline elements take up as little as they can. Iframes allow for things like google maps to be used in a website. Meta tags in the header allow search engines to know more information about your web page. Escape characters allow you to type characters that are reserved for functions within the code. 
* Html 5 has headers and footers, navigation tags, article tags, aside tags, section tags, heading group tags, figure tags, sectioning elements (div) tags, and more. The anchor tag also functions differently, allowing you to designate block level elements as whole links. Html 5 can also use CSS and JavaScript right in html. 
* When building websites, it is important to know who the target audience is. Why do they visit the website, what people are trying to achieve when they visit your website, what information the visitor needs, how often people visit your website. Site maps help you to organize your site so that it is easier to navigate. The information garnered above helps to create an optimized site map. Wire frames are a good place to start when designing the html. It gives you a reference point thru ought the process. Grouping different aspects of your website together can also help the user to navigate more effectively. When people skim your website, they are looking at size of different pieces of content, the color, and the style, in that order of importance. A navigation bar should be concise, clear, and selective. A good nav bar provides context and helps the user to know where they are in a website. Making the nav bar interactive is also a good idea. The nav bar should also be consistent. 
* A script is a series of instructions that a computer can follow to achieve a goal. Scripts are like a recipe. To write a script in general, the steps are defining the goal, design the script, and then code each step. To write code effectively, you need to be able to think like the computer does. Computers do exactly what they are told to do, and nothing more. Starting out with a flow chart is a great way to write effective script. Computers create models of the world using data. Objects in JavaScript are things, and properties are characteristics of things. Events are ways people interact with each type of object. Methods represent things people need to do with objects. They can retrieve or update the values of an object’s properties. Browsers retrieve data and creates models of it, and then render it to show a web page. Html, CSS, and JavaScript all come together to make a great web page. They are like layers of a cake. This process is called progressive enhancement. Scripts run within a website and usually do not change the content of the web page. JavaScript runs where it is found in the html. 
