# Class 14 Reading Notes
* Rozovskys group with different backgrounds worked better than the one where everyone had similar backgrounds. As commerce becomes increasingly global and complex, the bulk of modern work is more and more team-based. In Silicon Valley, software engineers are encouraged to work together, in part because studies show that groups tend to innovate faster, see mistakes more quickly and find better solutions to problems. Studies also show that people working in teams tend to achieve better results and report higher job satisfaction. Group norms are the most important part of groups.  Markers for a good team include each person talking equally, good at intuiting how others felt based on tone of voice and other nonverbal cues. A successful team also has psychological safety, where every person feels comfortable speaking up and wont be shamed for saying something. 
* Transform allows for data on a screen to be transformed in various different ways. It can rotate, scale, skew, turn things 3d, change perspective, scale 3d, make 3d pop outs, al kids of stuff. Animations can also change the appearance of elements on the page. A box can be turned into a circle upon hover, along with its color, etc. it can also make buttons look pretty awesome, and appear 3d. it can make flashcard type of things, with words seemingly written behind pictures or other box things. 
* Things can fade in when you hover  over them. This is commonly requested from people. things can gradually change color also when hovered over. Grow and shrink is another one. Rotate is one. Something can shake when hovered over. 
<-----[Back](../README.md)