# Class 04 Reading Notes
* Links allow you to move from one web page to another. Links are created using the a element. Inside the opening a element, you put an href and then the link you want to go to, and then close the opening tag. Then before the closing a tag, put the text that the user clicks on. Each section of a website should be put into a different folder in order to organize your code. Children are a folder that is inside the root, grandchildren are folders within a folder within the root, etc. web servers are usually set up to return index.html if nothing is found. Relative urls can be used if referencing files and files in your own computer. Linking an email can be done with the mailto after an href. The target “_blank” attribute can be used to open a link to a new window. Linking within the same page can be done by href to the id of an element. Linking to a specific part of another website is also possible by using the link to the website followed by the element id. 
* Elements positioning can be controlled with position schemes. Normal flow, relative positioning, and absolute positioning. You can specify the positioning scheme using the position property in css. You can also float elements using the float property. To indicate where a box should be positioned, you may also need to use box offset properties to tell the browser how far from the top or bottom and left and right it should be placed. Normal flow has position: static. Relative positioning has the tag position: relative, and then you type how far to move the element by typing top, or bottom, or left, or right, and then a value. When using position: absolute, the box is taken out of normal flow and no longer affects the position of other elements on the page. They act like its not there. Fixed: position makes the box stay in the same place while the text after scrolls by. Overlapping boxes you can use the z index to determine which box shows on top of another. Larger index values show on top. Floats move a box to the left or right and allow the text to wrap around it. Float can also make elements appear side by side. Clearing floats let you say that no element within the same containing element should touch the left or right hand sides of a box. 
* A function consists of a series of statements that have been grouped together because they perform a specific task. Functions can be grouped together and allow you to reuse code without typing it all out again. When you ask a function to perform its task, that is called calling a function. The code inside the curly brackets after a function is only executed when the function is called. 
<----- [Back](../README.md)