# Class 02 Reading Notes
* When creating a web page, you add tags (known as markup) to the contents of the page. These tags provide extra meaning and allow browsers to show users the appropriate structure for the page. Headings, paragraphs, bold and italic, superscript and subscript, line breaks and horizontal rules are all tags. Some text elements do not affect the structure of the page, but ass extra information to the pages. This is called semantic markup. 
* Css is the second layer of web pages, it is what makes your web pages look visually appealing. Css applies rules to selected boxes. Remember, everything is a box. Block elements take up as much space as they can, and inline elements take up as little as they can. Css associates style rules with selected elements, and then affects how elements are displayed. Css can either be internal in an html file, or on its own file and linked to the html. The last selector used on an element will be applied to it if there are 2 or more rules targeting that element. Font-family and color properties are inherited by children elements. It is common practice to keep css on its own file and link it in the html head.
* A script is a series of instruction that a computer can follow one by one. Each individual instruction is known as a statement. Statements should end with a semicolon. Comments are written with two forward slashes //. A script stores information in variables. Variables are declared by typing “var name = ‘x’. var is the command, name is the variable itself, and the equals sign is the assignment operator. Numerical data, Booleans, and string data are all data types that can be stored in variables. When changing the value of a variable, all you need to do is type ‘name’ = ‘new value’, and the value will be assigned to the variable. When naming variables, they must not start with a number. You cannot use a dash or period in a variable name. you cant use reserved words. Variables are case sensitive. Arrays are similar to variables, except that they store a list of values that are usually related. Strings, numbers, aand Booleans can all be stored in the same array. The numbering of an array list starts at 0. An expression evaluates into a single value. Operators allow programmers to create a single value from one or more value. 
* Flow charts help you to determine where decisions need to be made in a script. Comparison operators evaluate an expression and return a Boolean. Operands are placed on either side of an operator. Logical operators allow you to compare the results of more than one comparison operator. ‘If’ statements evaluate or check a condition. If the condition evaluates to true, then any statements in the subsequent code block are executed. ‘if else’ statements do the same thing, except for if the condition is not met then the else part of the statement is the only code that is executed.
<-----[Back](../README.md)