# Class 05 Reading Notes
* Images need to be either a .jpeg, .gif, or .png file. images are added with the img tag. Src tells the browser where it can find the image file. Image sizes can be changed based on pixels. Images can be placed pretty much anywhere in your code. Inline elements that sit within an inline element will not start a new line. Make sure the image is saved as the right file type. Make sure the image is the right size. Images are measured in pixels. Gifs show several frames of an image in sequence and therefore can be used to create simple animations. 
* The color property allows you to change the color of text in a particular element. Background color changes the color of the box of an element. All colors are a mix of red, blue, and green. Colors can be represented by rgb values, hex codes, color names, and have hue, saturation, and brightness. Contrast is important for making sure text is legible. Opacity allows you to change if an element is see through or not. Hsl values are hue, saturation, and lightness. 
* Typeface terminology. The ascender is above the cap height, the cap height is the top of all flat letters, the x height is the height of the letter x, the baseline is the line the letters sit on, and the descender sits below the baseline. A typeface will usually only display if its installed on that user’s computer. The text-indent property will allow you to make negatives of a text against a background image. Attribute selectors look pretty cool and easy. 
<-----[Back](../README.md)