# Class 03 Reading Notes
* Ordered lists use the ol tag, and list items within them will be numbered one through however many list items you have.  Unordered lists just put a bullet point in front of the list item. Definition lists can be used with d1 tag with dt for each item and dd for the items definition d1 tag closes. Nested lists are just as they sound. 
* Each element in html has its own box. The size of the box can be manipulated, as well as how it interacts with its surroundings. Overflow content can bescrolled through with the overflow: scroll attribute. Border, margin, and padding can all be manipulated to make the elements interact how they are supposed to. Padding is directly around the content, border is outside of that, and margin is outside of that. They can all be adjusted. Designers refer to the space between the items on a page as white space. Border width can be selected by various attributes, I like pixels the best. Borders and margin can sl o be changed. Margin is useful to distance elements from each other. Inline and block display can be handy when choosing how an element displays and how you can move it. Boxes can also have shadow. Rounded border corners and elliptical shapes can also be used in borders. 
* Arrays store lists of values. They should be used when the list of data is related to each other. They can be different data types. Array literal is the preferred method for creating an array. In order to list out all of the values in an array, a loop must be used. 
* If else statements check a condition. If the if part resolves to true, then the first code block is run. If the if part resolves to false, then the second block of code is run which is located after the else statement. This can allow you to run a different code if a condition is met, but not run it and run a different code instead if the condition is not met. Switch statements look for a specific instance of a thing and then execute code if that thing is found. Javascript is a weakly typed language, which means data types can change for a variable. Falsy values are false, 0, ‘’, NaN, and a variable with nothing assigned to it. Short circuit values stop as soon as they have a result, but they return the value that stopped the processing. Loops check a condition. If the condition is true, then the subsequent code block will run. It checks the condition again, and repeats until the condition returns false. Use for loops when you know how many times you need to run code, and while loops when you do not know how long you need to run code. A for loop uses a condition as a counter. This instructs the code to run a specified number of times. The condition is made up of three statements; initialization, condition, and update. 
