# Structured Web Pages Reading Notes
- Websites should be designed for a target audience. You should know why people visit your website. Identify motivations and goals of the people visiting your site. You should identify what your visitors are trying to achieve on your website, what information they need, and how often they visit the website. Site maps help you to organize relevant information in your website. Wireframes are another way to do show website functionality before coding it. Use contrast to help make things stand out and direct the visitors eye. Navigation is a very important feature and function of a website. 
- HTML describes the structure of web pages. Html uses brackets and tags to signify structure. Content management systems can be used by companies to edit the content of a page.
- Html has evolved over time with different versions. Comments are useful in html and can be used by typing <!— comment . Id and class tags allow html to designate certain values to pieces of the structure, and css or javascript can make those value designations do things. Block elements make some elements appear to start on a new line in the browser window. Inline elements continue on the same line as their neighbors. Span is an inline equivalent of the div tag. An iframe tag is a window cut into your page that can interact with other pages. Its  like a window. The meta tag is important for search engines, and certain browser functionality. Escape characters are characters that are reserved in html code, and to write them there are a string of characters you type. 
<----- [Back](reading-notes/README.md)